wwwroot\assets\revolution\assets\coloredbg.png
wwwroot\assets\revolution\assets\gridtile.png
wwwroot\assets\revolution\assets\gridtile_3x3.png
wwwroot\assets\revolution\assets\gridtile_3x3_white.png
wwwroot\assets\revolution\assets\gridtile_white.png
wwwroot\assets\revolution\assets\loader.gif
wwwroot\assets\revolution\css\closedhand.cur
wwwroot\assets\revolution\css\layers.css
wwwroot\assets\revolution\css\navigation.css
wwwroot\assets\revolution\css\openhand.cur
wwwroot\assets\revolution\css\settings.css
wwwroot\assets\revolution\fonts\revicons\revicons90c6.eot
wwwroot\assets\revolution\fonts\revicons\revicons90c6.svg
wwwroot\assets\revolution\fonts\revicons\revicons90c6.ttf
wwwroot\assets\revolution\fonts\revicons\revicons90c6.woff
wwwroot\assets\revolution\js\extensions\revolution.extension.actions.min.js
wwwroot\assets\revolution\js\extensions\revolution.extension.carousel.min.js
wwwroot\assets\revolution\js\extensions\revolution.extension.kenburn.min.js
wwwroot\assets\revolution\js\extensions\revolution.extension.layeranimation.min.js
wwwroot\assets\revolution\js\extensions\revolution.extension.migration.min.js
wwwroot\assets\revolution\js\extensions\revolution.extension.navigation.min.js
wwwroot\assets\revolution\js\extensions\revolution.extension.parallax.min.js
wwwroot\assets\revolution\js\extensions\revolution.extension.slideanims.min.js
wwwroot\assets\revolution\js\extensions\revolution.extension.video.min.js
wwwroot\assets\revolution\js\jquery.themepunch.revolution.min.js
wwwroot\assets\revolution\js\jquery.themepunch.tools.min.js
wwwroot\css\animate.min.css
wwwroot\css\bootstrap.min.css
wwwroot\css\bootstrap-select.min.css
wwwroot\css\flaticon.css
wwwroot\css\flexslider.css
wwwroot\css\font-awesome.css
wwwroot\css\hover.css
wwwroot\css\icomoon.css
wwwroot\css\images\bx_loader.html
wwwroot\css\images\controls.html
wwwroot\css\images\ui-bg_glass_55_fbf9ee_1x400.html
wwwroot\css\images\ui-bg_glass_65_ffffff_1x400.html
wwwroot\css\images\ui-bg_glass_75_dadada_1x400.html
wwwroot\css\images\ui-bg_glass_75_e6e6e6_1x400.html
wwwroot\css\images\ui-bg_glass_95_fef1ec_1x400.html
wwwroot\css\images\ui-bg_highlight-soft_75_cccccc_1x100.html
wwwroot\css\images\ui-icons_222222_256x240.html
wwwroot\css\images\ui-icons_2e83ff_256x240.html
wwwroot\css\images\ui-icons_454545_256x240.html
wwwroot\css\images\ui-icons_888888_256x240.html
wwwroot\css\images\ui-icons_cd0a0a_256x240.html
wwwroot\css\jquery.bootstrap-touchspin.css
wwwroot\css\jquery.bxslider.css
wwwroot\css\jquery.fancybox.css
wwwroot\css\jquery-ui.css
wwwroot\css\magnific-popup.css
wwwroot\css\masterslider\grab.html
wwwroot\css\masterslider\grabbing.html
wwwroot\css\masterslider\light-skin-1.html
wwwroot\css\masterslider\light-skin-1-retina.html
wwwroot\css\masterslider\loading-2.html
wwwroot\css\masterslider\masterslider.css
wwwroot\css\masterslider\ms-caro3d.css
wwwroot\css\masterslider\style.css
wwwroot\css\masterslider\video-close-btn.html
wwwroot\css\nouislider.css
wwwroot\css\nouislider.pips.css
wwwroot\css\owl.carousel.css
wwwroot\css\owl.video.play.html
wwwroot\css\polyglot-language-switcher.css
wwwroot\css\responsive.css
wwwroot\css\site.css
wwwroot\css\style.css
wwwroot\favicon.ico
wwwroot\fonts\Flaticon.eot
wwwroot\fonts\Flaticon.svg
wwwroot\fonts\Flaticon.ttf
wwwroot\fonts\Flaticon.woff
wwwroot\fonts\Flaticond41d.eot
wwwroot\fonts\fontawesome-webfont3295.eot
wwwroot\fonts\fontawesome-webfont3295.svg
wwwroot\fonts\fontawesome-webfont3295.ttf
wwwroot\fonts\fontawesome-webfont3295.woff
wwwroot\fonts\fontawesome-webfont3295.woff2
wwwroot\fonts\fontawesome-webfontd41d.eot
wwwroot\fonts\glyphicons-halflings-regular.eot
wwwroot\fonts\glyphicons-halflings-regular.svg
wwwroot\fonts\glyphicons-halflings-regular.ttf
wwwroot\fonts\glyphicons-halflings-regular.woff
wwwroot\fonts\glyphicons-halflings-regular.woff2
wwwroot\fonts\glyphicons-halflings-regulard41d.eot
wwwroot\fonts\icomoona1f3.eot
wwwroot\fonts\icomoona1f3.svg
wwwroot\fonts\icomoona1f3.ttf
wwwroot\fonts\icomoona1f3.woff
wwwroot\fonts\webfont\flexslider-icon.html
wwwroot\fonts\webfonts\flexslider-icon.html
wwwroot\fonts\webfonts\flexslider-icon-2.html
wwwroot\fonts\webfonts\flexslider-icon-3.html
wwwroot\fonts\webfonts\flexslider-icond41d.html
wwwroot\images\app_logo.png
wwwroot\images\arrow-down.html
wwwroot\images\background\1.jpg
wwwroot\images\background\2.jpg
wwwroot\images\background\4.jpg
wwwroot\images\background\5.jpg
wwwroot\images\background\6.jpg
wwwroot\images\background\Pool Suite.JPG
wwwroot\images\background\pool.jpg
wwwroot\images\background\rb.jpg
wwwroot\images\blog\1.jpg
wwwroot\images\blog\10.jpg
wwwroot\images\blog\11.jpg
wwwroot\images\blog\2.jpg
wwwroot\images\blog\3.jpg
wwwroot\images\blog\4.jpg
wwwroot\images\blog\5.jpg
wwwroot\images\blog\6.jpg
wwwroot\images\blog\7.jpg
wwwroot\images\blog\8.jpg
wwwroot\images\blog\9.jpg
wwwroot\images\blog\author-1.jpg
wwwroot\images\blog\author-2.jpg
wwwroot\images\blog\author-3.jpg
wwwroot\images\blog\bs.jpg
wwwroot\images\blog\bs-1.jpg
wwwroot\images\blog\bs-2.jpg
wwwroot\images\blog\bs-3.jpg
wwwroot\images\blog\post-1.jpg
wwwroot\images\blog\post-2.jpg
wwwroot\images\blog\post-3.jpg
wwwroot\images\fancybox\blank.gif
wwwroot\images\fancybox\fancybox_loading.gif
wwwroot\images\fancybox\fancybox_loading@2x.gif
wwwroot\images\fancybox\fancybox_overlay.png
wwwroot\images\fancybox\fancybox_sprite.png
wwwroot\images\fancybox\fancybox_sprite@2x.png
wwwroot\images\favicon\apple-touch-icon.png
wwwroot\images\favicon\favicon-16x16.png
wwwroot\images\favicon\favicon-32x32.png
wwwroot\images\flags\de.html
wwwroot\images\flags\es.html
wwwroot\images\flags\fr.html
wwwroot\images\flags\gb.html
wwwroot\images\flags\it.html
wwwroot\images\gallery\1.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\10.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\11.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\12.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\13.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\14.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\15.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\16.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\17.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\2.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\3.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\4.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\5.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\6.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\7.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\8.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\9.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Palaces\Mountain Palace\Mountain Palace (bathroom).jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Palaces\Mountain Palace\Mountain palace (detail).jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Palaces\Mountain Palace\Mountain Palace (General view).jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Palaces\Mountain Palace\Mountain Palace (Mastersuite) 2.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Palaces\Mountain Palace\Mountain Palace (Private terrasse).jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Palaces\Mountain Palace\Mountain Palace (Salon).jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Palaces\Mountain Palace\Mountain Palace Bedrrom 2.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Palaces\Mountain Palace\Mountain palace room 1.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Palaces\Mountain Palace\Palace Pool.gif
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Palaces\Mountain Palace\Thumbs.db
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Palaces\Mountain Palace\vue piscine Mountain Palace.JPG
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Palaces\Pool Palace\024namaskar1© ivan franchet.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Palaces\Pool Palace\234namaskar2© ivan franchet.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Palaces\Pool Palace\Pool Palace ( Master Suite Bedroom 1).jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Palaces\Pool Palace\Pool Palace (Master suite Salon).jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Palaces\Pool Palace\Pool Palace (Master Suite Terrace).jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Palaces\Pool Palace\Pool Palace (Private Pool).jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Palaces\Pool Palace\Pool Palace Bathroom.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Palaces\Pool Palace\Pool Palace view.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Palaces\Pool Palace\Thumbs.db
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Palaces\Water Palace\046namaskar1© ivan franchet.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Palaces\Water Palace\068namaskar1© ivan franchet.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Palaces\Water Palace\070namaskar1© ivan franchet.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Palaces\Water Palace\071namaskar1© ivan franchet.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Palaces\Water Palace\072namaskar1© ivan franchet.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Palaces\Water Palace\080namaskar1© ivan franchet.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Palaces\Water Palace\081namaskar1© ivan franchet.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Palaces\Water Palace\084namaskar1© ivan franchet.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Palaces\Water Palace\Water Palace (Bedroom 2).jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Palaces\Water Palace\Water Palace (General view).JPG
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Palaces\Water Palace\Water Palace (Master Suite).jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Palaces\Water Palace\Water Palace (Private Balcony).jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Palaces\Water Palace\Water Palace (Salon.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Rooms\Deluxe Room\053namaskar1© ivan franchet.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Rooms\Deluxe Room\DAK_6407.JPG
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Rooms\Deluxe Room\Deluxe Room (Bathroom).jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Rooms\Deluxe Room\Deluxe Room (Terrace).jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Rooms\Deluxe Room\Deluxe Room Terrace.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Rooms\Deluxe Room\Thumbs.db
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Rooms\Superior Room\033namaskar1© ivan franchet.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Rooms\Superior Room\050namaskar1© ivan franchet.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Rooms\Superior Room\Namaskar-2.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Rooms\Superior Room\Superior Room (Bedroom).jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Rooms\Superior Room\Superior Room Terrace.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Rooms\Superior Room\Thumbs.db
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Suites\Junior Suite\_MG_8145D.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Suites\Junior Suite\042namaskar1© ivan franchet.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Suites\Junior Suite\ext junior suite.JPG
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Suites\Junior Suite\Junior Suite (2).jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Suites\Junior Suite\Junior Suite (Bathroom).jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Suites\Junior Suite\Junior Suite (Plunge Pool view).jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Suites\Junior Suite\Junior Suite (Plunge Pool).JPG
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Suites\Junior Suite\Junior Suite Terace.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Suites\Junior Suite\Junuior Suite (Interior).jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Suites\Junior Suite\Thumbs.db
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Suites\Lounge Suite\026namaskar1© ivan franchet.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Suites\Lounge Suite\034namaskar1© ivan franchet.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Suites\Lounge Suite\035namaskar1© ivan franchet.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Suites\Lounge Suite\208namaskar2© ivan franchet.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Suites\Lounge Suite\Louge Suite (Bedroom).jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Suites\Lounge Suite\Lounge Suite (Bathroom).jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Suites\Lounge Suite\Thumbs.db
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Suites\Pool Suite\Pool Suite  (Terrace & Pool).JPG
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Suites\Pool Suite\Pool Suite (1).jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Suites\Pool Suite\Pool Suite (2).jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Suites\Pool Suite\Pool Suite (Bathroom).jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Suites\Pool Suite\Pool Suite (Livingroom).jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Suites\Pool Suite\Pool Suite Terrace.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Suites\Pool Suite\Thumbs.db
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Villas\Pool Villa\Pool Villa (2).JPG
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Villas\Pool Villa\Pool Villa (general View).jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Villas\Pool Villa\Pool Villa (Romantic Bath).JPG
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Villas\Pool Villa\Pool Villa Bathroom.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Villas\Pool Villa\Pool Villa Bedroom.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Villas\Pool Villa\Pool Villa Livingroom.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Villas\Pool Villa\Pool Villa Terrace.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Villas\Pool Villa\Terrasse Pool Villa.JPG
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Villas\Pool Villa\Thumbs.db
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Villas\Villa Namaskar\DAK_5217.JPG
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Villas\Villa Namaskar\Thumbs.db
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Villas\Villa Namaskar\Villa Namaskar (Bathroom).jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Villas\Villa Namaskar\Villa Namaskar (Bedroom 2).jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Villas\Villa Namaskar\Villa Namaskar (Bedroom 3).jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Villas\Villa Namaskar\Villa Namaskar (Garden).jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Villas\Villa Namaskar\Villa Namaskar (General View).jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Villas\Villa Namaskar\Villa Namaskar (Salon).jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Villas\Villa Namaskar\Villa Namaskar Bathroom.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Villas\Villa Namaskar\Villa Namaskar Bedroom 1.jpg
wwwroot\images\gallery\Hebergement\Villas\Villa Namaskar\Villa Namaskar Living Room.jpg
wwwroot\images\icons\preloader.gif
wwwroot\images\logo\logo.png
wwwroot\images\logo\logo2.png
wwwroot\images\resource\228A6390.jpg
wwwroot\images\resource\ab.jpg
wwwroot\images\resource\about.jpg
wwwroot\images\resource\i1.jpg
wwwroot\images\resource\i2.jpg
wwwroot\images\resource\i3.jpg
wwwroot\images\resource\map-marker.png
wwwroot\images\resource\nam 179.jpg
wwwroot\images\resource\nam-179-scaled.jpg
wwwroot\images\resource\Pool Villa (general View).jpg
wwwroot\images\resource\r1.jpg
wwwroot\images\resource\r2.jpg
wwwroot\images\resource\r3.jpg
wwwroot\images\resource\r4.jpg
wwwroot\images\resource\r5.jpg
wwwroot\images\resource\r6.jpg
wwwroot\images\resource\rd.jpg
wwwroot\images\resource\romantic.jpg
wwwroot\images\resource\sp-1.jpg
wwwroot\images\resource\sp-2.jpg
wwwroot\images\resource\sp-3.jpg
wwwroot\images\resource\t1.jpg
wwwroot\images\resource\t4.jpg
wwwroot\images\resource\t5.jpg
wwwroot\images\resource\t6.jpg
wwwroot\images\resource\t7.jpg
wwwroot\images\resource\t8.jpg
wwwroot\images\resource\t9.jpg
wwwroot\images\resource\tb.png
wwwroot\images\resource\tb2.png
wwwroot\images\resource\Villa Namaskar (General View).jpg
wwwroot\images\service\1.png
wwwroot\images\service\service-1.jpg
wwwroot\images\service\service-2.jpg
wwwroot\images\service\service-3.jpg
wwwroot\images\service\ss.jpg
wwwroot\images\slider\1.jpg
wwwroot\images\slider\2.jpg
wwwroot\images\slider\3.jpg
wwwroot\images\slider\4.jpg
wwwroot\images\slider\5.jpg
wwwroot\images\slider\6.jpg
wwwroot\images\team\1.jpg
wwwroot\images\team\2.jpg
wwwroot\images\team\3.jpg
wwwroot\images\team\4.jpg
wwwroot\images\team\5.jpg
wwwroot\images\team\6.jpg
wwwroot\images\team\7.jpg
wwwroot\images\team\8.jpg
wwwroot\js\bootstrap.min.js
wwwroot\js\bootstrap-select.min.js
wwwroot\js\custom.js
wwwroot\js\default-map.js
wwwroot\js\gmap.js
wwwroot\js\imagezoom.js
wwwroot\js\isotope.js
wwwroot\js\jquery.appear.js
wwwroot\js\jquery.bootstrap-touchspin.js
wwwroot\js\jquery.countTo.js
wwwroot\js\jquery.easing.min.js
wwwroot\js\jquery.fancybox.pack.js
wwwroot\js\jquery.fitvids.js
wwwroot\js\jquery.flexslider.js
wwwroot\js\jquery.js
wwwroot\js\jquery.mixitup.min.js
wwwroot\js\jquery.polyglot.language.switcher.js
wwwroot\js\jquery.timepicker.min.js
wwwroot\js\jquery.validate.min.js
wwwroot\js\jquery-ui.js
wwwroot\js\nouislider.js
wwwroot\js\owl.carousel.min.js
wwwroot\js\site.js
wwwroot\js\SmoothScroll.js
wwwroot\js\validation.js
wwwroot\js\wow.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap.rtl.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-grid.rtl.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-reboot.rtl.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.min.css
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\css\bootstrap-utilities.rtl.min.css.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.min.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.bundle.min.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.min.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.esm.min.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.min.js
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\dist\js\bootstrap.min.js.map
wwwroot\lib\bootstrap\LICENSE
wwwroot\lib\jquery\dist\jquery.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery\dist\jquery.min.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery\dist\jquery.min.map
wwwroot\lib\jquery\LICENSE.txt
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\dist\additional-methods.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\dist\additional-methods.min.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\dist\jquery.validate.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\dist\jquery.validate.min.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation\LICENSE.md
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation-unobtrusive\jquery.validate.unobtrusive.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation-unobtrusive\jquery.validate.unobtrusive.min.js
wwwroot\lib\jquery-validation-unobtrusive\LICENSE.txt
